OSDOCS-9474: add aws eip procedure (#87989)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ingress-aws-static-eip-nlb-configuration.adoc

// Modules included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/configuring_ingress_cluster_traffic/configuring-ingress-cluster-traffic-aws.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-ingress-aws-static-eip-nlb-configuration_{context}"]
= Configuring AWS Elastic IP (EIP) addresses for a Network Load Balancer (NLB)

You can specify static IPs, otherwise known as elastic IPs, for your network load balancer (NLB) in the Ingress Controller. This is useful in situations where you want to configure appropriate firewall rules for your cluster network.

.Prerequisites
* You must have an installed AWS cluster.
* You must know the names or IDs of the subnets to which you intend to map your `IngressController`.

.Procedure

. Create a custom resource (CR) file.
+

> Create a YAML file (e.g., `sample-ingress.yaml`) with the following content:

Reviewer: Could these be combined?

"Create a YAML file that contains the following content:"

Or something.

Author: sure 🙂

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.openshift.io/v1
kind: IngressController
metadata:
  namespace: openshift-ingress-operator
  name: <name> <1>
spec:
  domain: <domain> <2>
  endpointPublishingStrategy:
    loadBalancer:
      scope: External <3>
      type: LoadBalancerService
      providerParameters:
        type: AWS
        aws:
          type: NLB
          networkLoadBalancer:
            subnets: <4>
              ids:
              - <subnet_ID>
              names:
              - <subnet_A>
              - <subnet_B>
            eipAllocations: <5>
            - <eipalloc_A>
            - <eipalloc_B>
            - <eipalloc_C>
----

> <1> Replace `<name>` with a name for the Ingress Controller.

Reviewer: This and other monospaced terms in the callout should have a trailing noun, e.g. placeholder, parameter, value, etc.

<2> Replace `<domain>` with the DNS name serviced by the Ingress Controller.
<3> The scope must be set to `External` and be Internet-facing in order to allocate EIPs.

> <4> Specify the IDs and names for your subnets. The summation of IDs and names must be equal to your allocated EIPs.

Reviewer: Consider a simpler word than "summation."

<5> Specify the EIP addresses. One EIP address can be associated per subnet.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
You can specify a maximum of one subnet per availability zone. Only provide public subnets for external Ingress Controllers. You can associate one EIP address per subnet.

> ====

Reviewer 2: step 5 and Important section seem to be redundant as both mention that only one EIP address can be associated per subnet

> . Save and apply the CR file using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Save and apply the CR file by entering the following command:
```
https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#procedure-step-that-introduces-a-command

+
[source,terminal]
----
$  oc apply -f sample-ingress.yaml
----

.Verification

> . Confirm the load balancer was provisioned successfully by checking the `IngressController` conditions with the following command:

Reviewer: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#procedure-step-that-introduces-a-command

Here, too. :)
